## Overview

When debugging the cloud API, you will inevitably encounter some tricky bugs that require technical support from DJI. In this case, you will usually need the developer's help to export logs of the drone, remote control, DJI Pilot 2 and DJI Dock so that DJI technical support students can quickly locate the problem.

> **Note:**
> DJI Pilot 2 logs are encrypted, so the developer needs to provide the public key information for log encryption through the JSBridge interface, and the pulled logs also need to be decrypted to view them. DJI provides a JAR library for decrypting logs that can be decrypted by developers running scripts. For details, you can refer to [Obtain Log via JSBridge](https://developer.dji.com/doc/cloud-api-tutorial/en/feature-set/pilot-feature-set/pull-pilot-log.html).

## Drone Log

You need to connect the drone to the DJI Assistant2 software, select Log Export and export the log file for the corresponding sortie, noting that the time marked on the reference is the end of the flight.

## Remote Control Log

You need to connect the remote control to the DJI Assistant2 software, select Log Export and export the log file for the corresponding sortie, noting that the time marked on the reference is the end of the flight.

## DJI Pilot 2 Log

You need to copy the folder in the remote control with the following path, compress it into a zip file and send it to DJI for analysis.

1. /Android/data/com.dji.industry.pilot/files/LOG/folder for the corresponding date
2. /Android/data/com.dji.industry.pilot/files/LOG/cmd_record/file for the corresponding date
3. /Android/data/com.dji.industry.pilot/files/LOG/Logs/file for the corresponding date
4. /dji_logs/folder for the corresponding date

If the DJI Pilot 2 crashes and stops running, export the following path file of the remote control along with it.

1. /dji_logs/anr/

2. /dji_logs/tombstones/

## Record or Take Screenshots

When the problem is reproducible, the remote control's recording and screenshot function allow you to quickly record the situation in order to locate the problem more easily and avoid the need to reproduce it again and again, especially when the problem is very occasional and difficult to reproduce, which makes it more difficult to solve.
