## Cloud API V1.1.0 Release Notes

### Release Date:

2022-07-22

### Highlights:

- Support DJI Dock access to third-party cloud platform.
- Support DJI Dock bind to the organization and customize device management.
- Support DJI Dock report property, online and offline. 
- Support the live streaming through DJI Dock camera and drone. Live streaming protocols of RTMP、Agora、GB28181、RTSP are supported.
- Support DJI Dock to assign waypoint tasks through Server.
- Support DJI Dock automatically upload the media files to Server.

### Supported Products:
- DJI M30 Series + DJI Dock

## Cloud API V1.0.0 Release Notes

### Release Date:

2022-03-21

### Highlights:

- Support DJI Pilot 2 access to the third-party cloud platform.
- Support any kind of cloud platform such as public cloud server or private cloud server.
- Support live streaming, including RTMP, Agora, RTSP, and GB28181.
- Support live streaming directly in the DJI Pilot 2.
- Support waypoints library, and it can sync with the cloud platform.
- Support DJI WPML which is the new DJI Waypoints Protocol, DJI WPML will be in the firmware of M300 RTK and M30 series.
- Support DJI Pilot 2 media library, support media auto upload, and manual upload.
- Support DJI Pilot 2 Terrain Situation Awareness.
- Support DJI Pilot 2 map elements.
- Support DJI Pilot 2 webview embedded, developer can run their own web page in the webview.
- Support launch third-party App by DJI Pilot 2.
- Support log of  DJI Pilot 2 push to third-party cloud platform. 

### Supported Products:

- DJI M30 Series + DJI Pilot 2
- DJI M300 RTK + DJI Pilot 2

*Comment: DJI Dock is not supported in this version.*

### Supported Firmware:

- M300 RTK: v04.00.00.21
- DJI Smart Controller: v04.00.00.18 
- M30 Series: v00.04.05.01
- DJI RC Plus: v01.02.01.08
- DJI Pilot 2: v4.0.0.74


### Known Issues

- it fails when uploading media files to Minio object storage.

  

2022 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

----





