## How to use Take Photo (Fixed Angle) of DJI Dock 2 in wayline missions?

Take Photo (Fixed Angle) `orientedShoot` has better compatibility and performs more efficiently compared to AI Spot-Check `accurateShoot`. To convert AI Spot-Check in the flight route file to Take Photo (Fixed Angle), follow these steps:

1. In the action type, change `accurateShoot` to `orientedShoot`.
2. Add `actionUUID` to the waypoint action.The `actionUUID` is a 32-bit hexadecimal number, which is divided into five segments by hyphens in the format: 8 bits-4 bits-4 bits-4 bits-12 bits. For example, 7f320139-4fbf-41d1-b3bb-3b9f6f7f334c.
3. Set the photo mode `orientedPhotoMode` in waypoint action. `normalPhoto` represents the normal photo mode and `lowLightSmartShooting` is the Smart Low-Light mode. Smart Low-Light mode suits low-light environments at a slower capturing speed, adapting to a wider range of light conditions.
4. Change all fields starting with `accurate` to start with `oriented`, excluding `accurateFrameValid`.

> **Note:** DJI Dock and DJI Dock 2 both support the Take Photo (Fixed Angle).

## When the dock performs a multi-dock task will Controller B be disconnected?

When a multi-dock task is being performed and the docks for takeoff and landing are set, the link for the controller B will be occupied. So the controller B will be disconnected.

## Why does the third-party platform experience prolonged wait time when executing one-key takeoff or wayline missions on the dock?

**Problem:** 
When the third-party platform uses the dock to execute one-key takeoff or wayline missions, the data consistency of the "Offline Map" and "Custom Flight Area" between the dock and cloud will be checked before each takeoff. If no reply from the cloud to this message, the dock has a timeout logic to wait for around 40 seconds.

**Solution:** 
Update the firmware of DJI Dock 2 and Matrice 3D/3TD to v10.01.32.02. If the firmware must be kept in earlier versions, developers can reply the following contents to the Obtain offline map protocol (Method: offline_map_get) and Obtain custom flight area file list protocol (Method: flight_areas_get).

Topic: thing/product/{gateway_sn}/requests_reply

Direction: down

Method: flight_areas_get

```json
{
    "bid": "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxx",
    "data": {
        "result": 0
    },
    "method": "flight_areas_get",
    "tid": "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxx",
    "timestamp": 1654070968655
}
```

Topic: thing/product/{gateway_sn}/requests_reply
 
Direction: down
 
Method: offline_map_get

```json
{
    "bid": "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxx",
    "data": {
        "result": 0
    },
    "method": "offline_map_get",
    "tid": "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxx",
    "timestamp": 1654070968655
}
```