## Functional Overview
The purpose of opening the HMS function in the cloud API is to display device problems in the cloud, improve users' perception and processing capabilities of risks, and ensure job security.

> **Note:** HMS reports complete alarm information. If an alarm reported at the last HMS reporting disappears at current HMS reporting, it means this alarm is resolved.

### Alarm copy query
Users have to splice the `Copy Key` from the fields of HMS function API. According to the `Copy Key`, users can obtain the alarm copy by querying the Copy Key from the `alarm copy query json file`. Because of the different alarming devices, the rules of splicing are also different. 

* Alarm copy query json file: [hms.json](https://terra-1-g.djicdn.com/fee90c2e03e04e8da67ea6f56365fc76/SDK%20%E6%96%87%E6%A1%A3/CloudAPI/hms.json)

* Splicing rules and examples:

  * The {code} represents alarm code. The {in_the_sky} represents whether the device is in flight. They are API fields of the HMS function. The API fields of HMS function and its explanation can be obtained from [Server API > HMS Function](https://developer.dji.com/doc/cloud-api-tutorial/en/api-reference/dock-to-cloud/mqtt/dock/dock1/hms.html).
  
  * If it is an alarm from DJI Dock, `dock_tip_` should be spliced before {code}, which means `dock_tip_{code}`. Take an example:<br/>
    * The error code is `0x16100083`, the `Copy Key` is `dock_tip_0x16100083`<br/>

  * If it is an alarm from the aircraft, the user needs to splice the `Copy Key` by themselves. <br/>
    Aircraft splicing logic: `fpv_tip_{code}_{in_the_sky}`. <br/>
    Take an example, the error code is `0x16100083`:
    * If the `in_the_sky` is 0, it means whether the aircraft is in flight or on the ground, the `Copy key` is the same: `fpv_tip_0x16100083`.
    * If the `in_the_sky` is 1, when the aircraft is in flight, the `Copy key` is `fpv_tip_0x16100083_in_the_sky`. when the aircraft is on the ground, the `Copy key` is `fpv_tip_0x16100083`.

### Alarm copy replacement

Based on the alarm copy query json file: [hms.json](https://terra-1-g.djicdn.com/fee90c2e03e04e8da67ea6f56365fc76/SDK%20%E6%96%87%E6%A1%A3/CloudAPI/hms.json), there are some words like "%alarmid", "%index" needs to be replaced.

The replacement rules and examples:

* The contents that are used to replace can be obtained from the API fields `args` of HMS Function. The explanation of the `args` field, the completed variables enumeration of the `args` field, and the explanation of variables can refer to [HMS Function](https://developer.dji.com/doc/cloud-api-tutorial/en/api-reference/dock-to-cloud/mqtt/dock/dock1/hms.html). For example, the variables have `alarmid`, `sensor_index`, `component_index` and so on.
* Aircraft warning copy rules:
  1. If the text has a "%alarmid", replace it with a specific hexadecimal alarmid, such as 0x16100001.
  2. If the text has a "%index", replace it with sensor_index + 1.
  3. If the text has a "%component_index", replace it with component_index + 1.
  4. If the text contains "%battery_index" and sensor_index is 0, use "left" to replace "%battery_index", otherwise, use "right" to replace.

* DJI Dock warning copy rules:
  1. If the text contains "%dock_cover_index" and sensor_index is 0, use "left" to replace "%dock_cover_index", otherwise, use "right" to replace.
  2. If the text contains "%charging_rod_index", when sensor_index is 0, replace "%charging_rod_index" with "front". When sensor_index is 1, use "back" instead. When sensor_index is 2, use "left" instead. When sensor_index is 3, use "right" instead.

## Interaction timing
The device uploads the alarm information of DJI Dock equipment and aircraft to the cloud through the `health alarm` protocol (Topic: thing/product/{gateway_sn}/events Method: hms). And the complete alarm copy is presented on the web interface.

## Detailed API Realization

[HMS Management](https://developer.dji.com/doc/cloud-api-tutorial/en/api-reference/dock-to-cloud/mqtt/dock/dock1/hms.html)

* Health Alarm




